Accellera UVM 1.2 Release Notes
================================

Month DD, YYYY


General Overview
----------------

This is release 1.2 of the Universal Verification Methodology (UVM)
reference implementation from Accellera.  This distribution includes a
SystemVerilog based class library, examples, UVM Stardard Reference
(PDF and HTML), and a User's Guide.

The class library is a reference implementation of the standard. It,
the examples, and User Guide provide guidance to users of the
standard. For additional information on the Accellera standard, see

     http://www.accellera.org/activities/vip

A good source for information, answers, and resources is
http://www.accellera.org/community/uvm.  It contains forums on
methodology, tool specific issues, and commercial announcements.  It
also has links to additional resources, Accellera sponsored events,
and other UVM events.


What's Changed
--------------

Release 1.2 contains enhancements and fixes to errata.

UVM 1.2 fixes the following enhancements and issues reported under the
Mantis bug-tracking system. Issues affecting the reference
documentation (API changes or semantic changes) are preceded with an
asterisk (*).

For detailed information on a specific issue, refer to the Mantis
database at http://www.eda.org/svdb/view.php?id=<id>, where <id> is
the Mantis id.


In increasing Mantis numerical order:

Mantis 3407: uvm_event should be a param class

Mantis 4091: Added missing top-level block name to uvm_reg_file::get_fullname()

Mantis 4160: uvm_comparer not using verbosity setting for print_msg

Mantis 4181: transaction order unclear and cant be changed when bus/reg size differ

Mantis 4366: uvm_sequence_library documentation missing from generate html

Mantis 4378: Proper documentation of set_inst_override_by_name and 
             set_type_override_by_name in uvm_component.

Mantis 4425: BUSY flag now cleared when register model is reset.

Mantis 4513: Added user-defined memory allocation policy to uvm_vreg::allocat()

Mantis 4516: Proper prioritization of default sequences

Mantis 4517: Added phase transition callbacks

(*) Mantis 4518: Classes extended from uvm_object now require an
explicit constructor with a string-type name argument.  This
functionality was optionally enabled in prior versions by defining the
`UVM_OBJECT_MUST_HAVE_CONSTRUCTOR symbol (Mantis 3770).  This
functionality is now the default. Should the obsolete functionality be
required, define the `UVM_OBJECT_DO_NOT_NEED_CONSTRUCTOR symbol.

Mantis 4532: uvm_reg_access_seq ignoring regs with one RO field

Mantis 4542: uvm_test_done is now const to prevent changes

Mantis 4548: cleanup dpi coding issues

